Ines, welcome back to Talk Bythermi.
Yeah, thanks for having me back again.
Yes, you're one of my favorite guests.
It's always awesome to have you on the show.
Thanks, you're my favorite podcast.
Thank you.
And we have some really cool things to talk about.
spaCy, some of course, but also more broadly,
we're going to talk about just LLMs and AIs and open source
and business models and even monopolies are going to cover a lot of things.
You've been kind of making a bit of a roadshow, a tour around much of Europe
talking about some of these ideas, right?
Yeah, I've gotten invited to quite a few conferences.
And I feel like this is like after COVID, the first like proper, proper year again
that I'm like traveling for conferences.
And I was like, why not?
And I think especially now that so much is happening in the AI space, I think it's actually really nice to go to these conferences and connect with actual developers.
Because, you know, if you're just sitting on the Internet and you're scrolling, I don't know, LinkedIn, and sometimes it can be really hard to tell, like, what people are really thinking and what's, you know, like, do people really believe some of these hot, weird takes that people are putting out there?
and so yeah it was very very nice
to talk about some of these ideas
you know get them checked against
what developers thing
so yeah it's been really cool
and there's more to come
I'll be traveling again
later this month
to Italy for PyCon for my first time
then PyData London
and who knows what else
so if you must go
to Italy and London what terrible
places to spend time in
well I'm definitely
very open for tips
especially for Italy for Florence
I've never been
to Italy ever so
oh awesome I've been to Rome
but that's it so I don't have any tips
but London is also fantastic
cool so people can check you out
maybe I think
do you have a list of that publicly
where people can see some of your talks
we can put that in the show notes
yeah it's on my website and also on the explosion site
of our company, we've actually added an events page
because it came up a lot that either me, Matt,
people from our team are giving talks.
And so we thought like, hey, let's end podcasts as well.
So we're collecting everything on one page,
all the stuff we're doing, which is kind of fun.
Which is quite a bit, actually, for sure.
Yeah.
Well, I know many people know you,
but let's just talk a little bit about
spaCy, Explosion, Prodigy, the stuff that you guys are doing to give people a sense of where
you're coming from? Yeah, so we're basically, we're an open source company and we build developer
tools for AI, natural language processing specifically. So, you know, you're working
with lots of text, you want to analyze it beyond just looking for keywords. That's kind of where
we started and what we've always been focusing on. So spaCy is probably what we're mostly known
which is a popular open source library for really what we call industrial strength NLP.
So built for production, it's fast, it's efficient.
We've put a lot of work into, you know, having good usable, user-friendly, developer-friendly APIs.
Actually, yeah, I always set an example.
I always like to show my talks.
A nice side effect that we never anticipated like that is that ChatGPT and similar models
are actually pretty good at writing spaCy code
because we put a lot of work into all of this stuff
like backwards compatibility,
not breaking people's code all the time,
stuff like that.
But that happens to really help,
at least for now, with these models.
Yeah, that's really nice.
It's a good thing you've done
to make it a really stable API that people can trust.
But is it weird to see LLMs talking about stuff
we all created?
I mean, it's kind of, it's funny in some way.
I mean, it's also, there is this whole other site to, you know, doing user support for,
you know, detecting clearly auto-generated code.
Because for spaCy, these models are pretty good for Prodigy, which is our annotation tool,
which is also scriptable in Python.
It's a bit less precise, and it hallucinates a lot because there's just less code online
and on GitHub.
And so we sometimes get like support requests where like users post their code and we're like, this is so strange.
How did you find these APIs? They don't exist. And then we're like, ah, this was auto generated.
Oh, OK. So that was a very new experience.
And also it's I think everyone who publishes online deals with that.
But like it's very frustrating to see all these like auto generated posts that like look like tech posts,
but are completely bullshit and completely wrong.
Like I saw with something on spaCy LLM,
which is our extension for integrating large language models into spaCy.
And they're like some blog posts that look like they're tech blog posts,
but they're like completely hallucinated.
And it's very, very strange to see that about like your own software.
And also it frustrates me because that stuff is going to feed into the next
generation of these models, right?
And then they will stop being potentially so good at this because they're full of stuff that they've generated themselves on like APIs and things that don't even exist.
Cycle around and around and around until it just gets worse every time.
Yeah.
So that's interesting.
It's very interesting to see what's going on and where these things lead.
It is.
You know, I just had a thought.
was, you know, OpenAI and some of these different companies are doing work to try to detect AI
generated images. And I imagine AI generated content. And when I heard that, my thought was
like, well, that's just because they kind of want to be good citizens. And they want to put little
labels and say, what if it's just so they don't ingest it twice? You know, I think that's definitely
And I mean, in a way, it's also good because, you know, it would make these models worse.
And so from a product perspective for a company like OpenAI, that's definitely very useful.
And I think also, you know, commercially, I think there's definitely, you know, a big market in that also for like social networks and stuff to detect are these real images, are these deep fakes?
Yeah.
Any money in that too?
so it's not i don't think it's just yeah being good citizens but like this there's a clear um
product populated um thing which is fine you know for yeah it's fine yeah it's fine i just i never
really thought about it of course of course yeah do you think we'll get to some point where
you know in like food or art you hear about you know artisanal handcrafted pizza or you know
whatever will there be artisanal human created tech that has got a special special flavor to it
like this was created with no ai look at how cool this site is yeah i think it's already something
that like you see like i don't know which product this was but i still there was some ad campaign i
think it might have been a language learning app or something else where they really like put that
into one of their like marketing claims like hey it's not um ai generated we don't use ai it's
real in humans because it seems to be
what people want.
They want to have at least that feeling.
So I definitely think
there's an appeal of that also
going forward.
The whole LLM and AI stuff, it's just
it's permeated culture so
much. I was at the motorcycle
shop yesterday talking to a guy who was
a motorcycle salesman. He was like,
do you think that AI is going to
change how software
developers work? Do you think they're still going to be relevant?
I'm like, you're a motorcycle sales guy.
It's amazing.
Wow.
You're like really this tuned into it, right?
And that you're like, but, you know,
you think it's maybe just a little echo chamber
of us talking about,
but it seems to be like these kinds of conversations
are more broad than maybe you would have guessed.
And I think ChatDpt definitely, you know,
brought the conversation into the mainstream.
But on the other hand, on the plus side,
it also means it makes it a lot easier
for us kind of to explain our work
because people have at least heard of this.
And I think it's also for developers working in teams,
like, on the one hand, it can maybe be frustrating to do this expectation management, because, you know,
you have management who just came back from some fancy conference and got sold on like, oh, we need
like some chatbot or LLM. It's kind of the chatbot hype all over again, that we already had in 2015 or
so. That can be frustrating. I forgot all about that. Those were going to be so important. And now
what are they doing? Nothing. Yeah, but yeah, but it's like, yeah, I see a lot of parallels. It's
management. It's kind of the same thing in a lot of ways, only that like it actually, a lot of parts
actually kind of work now, which we didn't really have before. But yeah, it also means for teams and
developers that they at least have some more funding available and resources that they can
work with. Because I feel like before that happened, it looked like that, you know, companies are really
cutting their budgets, all these exploratory AI projects, they all got cut. It was quite frustrating
for a lot of developers.
And now at least, you know,
it means they can actually work again,
even though they also have to kind of manage the expectations
and, you know, like work around some of the very wild ideas
that companies might have at the moment.
Absolutely.
Now, one of the things that's really important
and we're going to get to here,
I'll give you a chance to give a shout out
to the other thing that you all have,
is how do you teach these things?
information and how do you get them to know things and and so on and you know for the spaCy world
you have prodigy and uh maybe give a shout out to prodigy teams that's something you just are uh
just announcing right yeah so that's currently in beta it's something we've been working on so
the idea of prodigy has always been um hey um it you know support spaCy also other libraries and
how can we yeah how can we make the training and data collection process more efficient um or so
efficient that companies can in-house that process, like whether it's creating training data,
creating evaluation data, like even if what you're doing is completely generative and you have a model
that does it well, you need some examples and some data where you know the answer. And often that's a
structured data format. So you need to create that. And we've, you know, really seen that like
outsourcing that doesn't work very well. And also now with the newer technologies, you transfer
learning. You don't need millions of examples anymore. This big, big data idea for task-specific
stuff is really dead in a lot of ways. So Prodigy is a developer tool that you can script in Python
and that makes it easy to really collect this kind of structured data on text, images, and so on.
And then Prodigy Teams, that has been a very ambitious project.
We've really wanted to ship this a long time ago already,
but it's been very challenging because we basically want to bring
also a lot of these ideas that probably we're going to talk about today
a bit into the cloud while retaining the data privacy.
And so, you know, you'll be able to run your own cluster
on your own infrastructure that has the data that's scriptable in Python.
So you can kind of script the SaaS app in Python, which is very cool, which you normally can't do.
Your data never leaves our service.
And, yeah, and you can basically also use these workflows like distillation,
where you start out with a super easy prototype that might use Lama or some other models,
ChatGPT, GPT-4.
Then you benchmark that, see how it does.
and then you collect some data until you can beat that inaccuracy
and have a task-specific model that really only does the one extraction
you're interested in.
And that model can be tiny.
Like we've had users build models that are under 10 megabytes.
Like that is pretty crazy to think about these days.
And that run like 20 times faster.
They're entirely private.
You can, you know, you don't need like tons of compute to run them.
And that's kind of really one of the workflows of the future
that we see as very promising.
And it's also people are often surprised how little task-specific data you actually need to, say, beat GPT-4 inaccuracy.
It's not as much as people think.
And it's totally, you know, in a single workday, you could often do it.
And so the main idea we've been thinking about a lot is basically how can we make that workflow better and more user-friendly,
even for people who don't have an extensive machine learning background.
because one thing that like prompting an LLM
or prompting a generative model has
is that it's a very low barrier to entry
and it's very, very, the UX is very good.
You just type in a question,
you talk to it the way you would talk to a human
and that's easy to get started with.
And the workflow that's a bit more involved,
yes, machine learning developers know how to do that
and they know when to do it,
but it's not as accessible to people
have all of that experience. And so that's kind of the underlying thing that we're trying to solve.
Yeah. You talked about transfer learning and using relatively small amounts of data to
specialized models. Tell people about what that is. How do you actually do that?
Yeah. So basically, I mean, it's actually the same idea that has ultimately really led to these large
generative models that we see. And that's essentially realizing that we can learn a lot
about the language and the world and, you know, a lot of general stuff from raw text. Like, if we
just train a model with a language modeling objective on, like, a bunch of text on the whole
internet or parts of the internet or whatever, in order to basically solve the task, which can be
stuff like predict the next word. In order to do that, the model has to learn so much
in its weights and in its representations about the language and about really underlying subtle
stuff about the language that it's also really good at other stuff. So that's kind of, in a nutshell,
the basic idea. And that's then later led to larger and larger models and more and more of
these ideas. But yeah, the basic concept is if you just train on a lot of raw text and a lot of these
models are available, like something like BERT, that's already like quite a few years old, but
still if you look at kind of the literature and look at the experiments people are doing, it's still
very competitive. It's like you get really good results even with the most, one of the most basic
foundation models. And you can use that, initialize your model with that, and then just train like a
on top instead of training everything from scratch which is what you had to do before or it's like if
you imagine hiring a new employee it's like yes you you expect you know you don't you can raise
them from birth or you can sort of have them which is like again very creepy concept but it's really
similar um and yeah teach them teach them everything you were you were born to be a barista let me tell
Yeah. And then you teach them English and you teach them. Yeah. I mean, it's, yeah, it's a lot of work. And I guess, you know, this more than me because you have, you have kids. Right. So, yeah. So, and you know, it's, it's understandable that like, okay, this, this, this made a lot of these ML projects really hard, but now, you know, you actually have the employee come in and they can, they know how to talk to people. They speak the language and all you have to teach them is like, Hey, here's how you make a coffee here.
Exactly. Basically lean on the school system to say,
they know the language, they know arithmetic.
I just need to show them how this Expresso machine works. Here's how you check in.
Please take out the trash every two hours. A very little bit of specialized information,
but the general working human knowledge is like the base LLM, right?
Yeah. So that's the idea. And also transfer learning,
it's still it's just one technology and in context learning which is you know what we have with these
generative models that's also just another technique like it's um you know it's not the
case that transfer learning is sort of outdated or um has been replaced by in context learning
it's two different strategies and you use them in different contexts so um yeah yeah cool
So another thing I want to touch on for people, I know some people, probably everyone listening is more or less aware of this.
But in practice, a lot of folks out there listening, certainly the ones who are not in the ML or developer space, they just go to chat or they go to somewhere and they're like, this is the AI I've gone to, right?
Maybe they go to Bard, I don't know, Gemini, whatever they call it.
But there's a whole bunch, I mean, many, many, many open source models with all sorts of variations.
One thing I really like is LM Studio.
Ian Moyer introduced this to me, introduced me to it a couple of months ago.
And basically, it's a UI for exploring hugging face models and then downloading them and running them with a chat interface just in a UI.
And the really cool thing is they just added Llama 3.
But a lot of these are open source.
A lot of these are accessible.
You run them on your machine.
You get 7 billion parameter models run easily on my Mac mini.
Yeah.
What do you think about some of these models?
Yeah, no, it's huge ones.
Yeah, no, I think it's, and also a lot of them are like, you know,
the model itself is not necessarily much smaller than what a lot of these
chat assistants deploy.
And I think it's also, you know,
these are really just the core models for everything that's like proprietary
and sort of in-house behind like an API,
there's at least one open source version
that's very similar.
Like I think it's, you know,
you can, you know,
the raw model is really based on academic research,
a lot of the same data that's available.
And I think the most important differentiation we see
is then around these chat assistants
and how they work
and how the products are designed.
So I think it's also,
it's kind of a nice exercise
or a nice way just to look at this distinction
between the products
versus the machine-facing models.
Because I think that's AI
or like these products
are more than just a model.
And I think that's like a super important
thing to keep in mind.
And I think-
Yeah, it's really relevant
for this conversation
because you have a whole section
where you talk about regulation
and what is the aspect of these things
that should or could be regulated?
We'll get to that in a minute.
Yeah, but I think actually a lot of the confusion
that people have around like,
ooh, is all AI going to be locked away behind APIs
and how do these bigger models work?
I think it kind of stems from the fact that
it's not always the distinction between
the models and products isn't always clear.
And you could even argue maybe some companies that are in this business, it benefits them to call everything the AI.
And that really doesn't help.
So to here, you really see the models.
Yeah.
And just sorry to talk over you, but to give people a sense, even if you search for Llama 3 in this thing, there's 192 different configured, modified, et cetera, ways to work with the Llama 3 model, which is just crazy.
So there's a lot of stuff that maybe people haven't really explored, I imagine.
Yeah, it's very cool.
Yeah, yeah.
One other thing about this, just while we're on it,
is it also comes with an OpenAI API.
So you could just run it and say,
turn on a server API endpoint if I want to talk to it.
Very fun.
But let's talk about some of the things you talked about in your talk.
The AI revolution will not be monopolized.
How open source beats economies of scale, even for LLMs.
I love it.
It's a great title and a great topic.
No, thanks.
It's something I'm very passionate about.
I was very happy to be able to say a lot of these things
or to also be given a platform to say things.
Yeah, you and I, we spoke before about open source
and running successful businesses in the tech space
and all sorts of things.
So it's a cool follow-on for sure.
Yeah.
I think one of the first parts that you talked about
that was really interesting and has nothing to do specifically with LLMs or AI is just
why is open source a good choice and why are people choosing?
Why is it a good thing to base businesses on and so on?
Yeah.
Also often when I give this as a talk, I ask like for a show of hands, like, hey, who
uses open source software?
Who works for a company that depends on open source software?
who's contributed before and usually I think yeah most people raise their hand when I ask like who
works for a company that relies on open source software so you know I often feel like hey I don't
even have to like explain like hey it's a thing it's more about like you know collecting these
reasons and I do think yeah yeah a lot of it is around like you know the transparency the
extensibility it's all kind of connected like you're not locked in you can run it in-house you
can fork it you can um you know program with it like those are all important things for companies
when they adopt software and you also often you have these small teams running the project they
can accept prs they can move fast there's a community around it that can basically give you
a sense for hey is this a thing should i adopt it um and all of this i think is important and
um you know i also often make a point to like yes i always mentioned hey it's also free um which is
what people usually associate with open source software. That's kind of the first thing that
comes to mind. But I actually don't think this is for companies, the main motivation why they use
open source software. I absolutely agree. I mean, even though we have FOSS for open source software,
this is not really why companies care about it, right? Certainly some people do, some people don't,
but companies, they often see that as a negative, I think, almost like, well, who do we sue if this
goes wrong where's our service level agreement who's going to help us who's obligated to help us
we've definitely also seen that or like we have you know companies who are like well
who can we pay or can we pay to like i don't know get you know some guarantee or like some
support or or you know can you like confirm to us that hey if there is a critical vulnerability
that's like really directly affecting our software which you know has never happened but are you going
to fix it and we're like yes we can say that that's what we've been doing but if you want that
guarantee we can give that to you for money sure but like you can pay us we'll promise to do what
we already promised to do but we'll really double double promise yeah right yeah so it's like that
that's definitely a thing and also it's kind of to you know to go back up to the business model
thing it's what we've seen with prodigy which you know we offer kind of it's it really as a tool it
follows the open source spirit like you don't you pip install it um it's a python library you work
with it. But we decided to kind of use that as a stepping stone between our free open source
offering and like the SaaS product that we're going to, we're about to launch soon, hopefully.
And it's kind of in the middle and it's paid. And we've definitely, you know, not found that this
is like a huge disadvantage for companies. Like, yes, sure, you always have companies with like
no budget, but those are also usually not the teams that are really doing, you know, a lot of
value work because you know it is quite normal to have a budget or like of software tools companies
pay a lot for this like you know if you if you want to buy prodigy like that that costs less than
i don't know getting a decent office chair like you know in the in a commercial context these
these scales are all a bit different so um yeah i do think companies are happy to pay for something
that they need and that's good yeah and the ones who wouldn't have paid maybe they
you know they there's a there's a group who said well maybe i'll use the free one but
they're just they're not serious enough about it to to actually pay for it or actually make
you know i think of sort of analogies of piracy right like they stole our app or they stole our
music like well because they was a link they clicked it but they they wouldn't have bought it
or used it at all it's not like you lost a customer because they were not going to be
customers they just have yeah exactly i mean it's like i always tell the story of like when i was
was you know a teenager I did download a crack version of Adobe Photoshop and um because I was
a teenager I would have never been able like back then they had they didn't have a SaaS model like
I don't know what Photoshop costs but like it's definitely not something I would have been able
to afford as a 13 14 year old so I did find that online I downloaded it I'm pretty sure if Adobe
had wanted they could have come after me for that um and I do think like I don't know maybe I'm
giving them too much credit but i do think they might have not done that because they're like well
what you know it's not like we lost a customer here and now i'm an adult and i'm i'm proficient
at photoshop and now i'm paying for it and yeah exactly and i think there was this whole generation
of teenagers who then maybe went into creative jobs and came in with photoshop skills like i
wasn't even like compared to all these other teenagers i was hanging out with on the internet
like all these like mostly mostly girls um i wasn't even that talented at photoshop specifically so
So, you know, maybe there was someone smart who thought about this as like a business strategy.
Let these teenagers have our professional tools.
Yeah, yeah, exactly.
It's almost marketing.
Okay, so another aspect here that I think is really relevant to LLMs is runs in-house,
AKA we're not sending our private data,
private source code, API keys, et cetera,
to other companies that may even use that
to train their models,
which then would gurgitate that back
to other people who are trying to solve
the same problems, right?
Yeah, no, and I think that's also,
we're definitely seeing that companies
are becoming more and more aware of this,
which is good.
Like in a lot of industries,
like I wouldn't want, I don't know,
my healthcare provider to just upload all of my data
to whichever SaaS tool they decide to use at the moment.
Of course not.
So I think it's good.
And then also with more data privacy regulations,
that's really on people's minds.
And people don't want this.
Often we have companies or users who actually have to run a lot of their AI stuff
on completely air-gapped machines, so they can't even have internet access.
Or it's about financial stuff.
We're actually working on a case study that we're hoping to publish soon where even the financial information can move markets.
It's even segregated in the office. So it needs to be 100 percent in-house.
Yeah. And that that makes sense. And I think open source software is great because you can do that and you can build your own things with it and really decide how you want to host it, how it fits into your existing stack.
That's another big thing. People will already use some tools and, you know, you don't want to change your entire workflow for every different tool or platform you use.
And I think especially people have been burned by that so many times by now.
And there's so many like, you know, unreliable startups, things, you know, you have there's a company that really tries to convince you to build on their product.
And then two months later, they close everything down or, you know, it doesn't even have to be startup, you know, Google.
I'm still mad at Google for shutting down Google Reader.
And I don't know, it's been over 10 years, I'm sure.
And I'm still angry about that.
I actually had this, we were invited to give a talk at Google
and I needed a text example to visualize, you know,
something grammatical.
And that text I made, Google shut down Google Reader
as a quiet protest.
Oh, that's amazing.
Yeah.
Anyway.
We're going to run sentiment analysis on this article.
Yeah. But yeah, anyways, I mean, sure, open source projects can become unmaintained and that sucks.
But like, you know, you can fork it. It's it's there and you can you can have it.
So it's this is motivating. And I think, you know, we've we've always called it like you can you can reinvent the wheel, but don't reinvent the road.
which is basically you can build something.
Reinventing the wheel, I don't think is bad,
but you don't want to make people follow your way of doing everything.
Yeah, that's interesting.
Like we have electric cars now.
All right.
So give us a sense of some of the open source models in this AI space here.
Yeah, so I've basically, I've kind of divided it into sort of three categories. So one of them is what I've called task specific models. So that's really models that we're trying to do one specific or some specific things. It's kind of what we distribute for spaCy. There's also a lot of really cool community projects like SciSpaCy for scientific biomedical techs.
Stanford also publishes their stanza models.
And yeah, if you've been on the Hugging Face Hub,
there's like tons of these models
that were really fine-tuned to predict
like a particular type of categories, stuff like that.
And so that's been around for quite a while,
quite established.
A lot of people use these in production.
And it was so quite, especially nowadays,
but today's standards, they're quite small, cheap.
But of course, they do want particular things.
So they don't generalize very well.
So that's kind of the one category.
Yeah.
Well, you probably used to think of them as large,
and now you see how giant, how many gigabytes those models are, you know?
Yeah.
When deep learning first kind of came about
and people were sort of migrating from linear models and stuff,
I remember people complaining that the models were so big and slow.
And that was before we even used much transfer learning
and transformer models and BERT and stuff.
And even when that came about, it was also first a challenge.
Like, hey, these are significantly bigger.
We do have to change a lot around it.
Or even Google, who published BERT,
they had to do a lot of work around it to make it work
into their workflows and ship them into production
and optimize them because they were quite different
from what was there before.
So, yeah.
Another one in this category of task-specific models is PsySpacee, which is kind of cool.
What's PsySpacee?
Yeah.
So PsySpacee, that's for scientific biomedical text.
That was published by Allen AI researchers.
And, yeah, it's really – it has, like, components specific for working with that sort of data.
And it's actually, it's definitely, if that's kind of the domain, yeah, any listeners are working with, definitely check it out.
They've also done some pretty smart work around like, A, training components, but also implementing like hybrid rule-based things for, say, acronym expansion.
They're like cool algorithms that you can implement that don't necessarily need much machine learning, but that work really well.
And so it's basically this suite of components and also models that are more tuned for that domain.
Nice.
And then you mentioned some, but also encoder models.
What's the difference between the task-specific ones and the encoder ones?
Yeah, so that's kind of also what we were talking about earlier, actually, with the transfer learning, foundation models.
So these are models trained with a language modeling objective, for example, like Google's BERT.
And, you know, they can also be the foundation for task-specific models.
That's kind of what we're often doing nowadays.
like you start out with some of these pre-trained weights
and then you train like this task-specific network on top of it
that uses everything that is in these weights about the language and the world.
And yeah, actually by today's standards,
these are still relatively small and relatively fast.
And they generalize better because they trained on a lot of raw text.
that has a lot of that intrinsic meta knowledge
about the language and the world
that we need to solve a lot of other tasks.
Yeah.
Absolutely.
And then you've used the term large generative models
for things like Lama and Mistral and so on.
Yeah.
Yeah, I think, I mean, one thing that's very unfortunate
when talking about these models is that everything we've talked about here has at some point been
called an LLM by someone. And that makes it really hard to talk about it. But you can argue that,
well, all of them are kind of large language models, right? And then there's also the marketing
confusion. Like, you know, when LLMs were hot, everyone wants to, you know, have LLMs. And so
by some definition of LLMs, we've all been running LLMs in production for years.
But basically, yeah, I've kind of decided, okay, I want to try and avoid that phrase as much as
possible, because it really doesn't help. And so large generative models kind of captures that same
idea, but it makes it clear, okay, these generate text, text goes in, text comes out, and they're
large, and they're different from the other types of models, basically.
Yeah, yeah.
So a question on the audience is, Mr. Magnetics, I'd love to learn how to develop AI.
So maybe let me rephrase that just a little bit and see what your thoughts are.
Like, if people want to get more foundational, this kind of stuff, like, what areas should
they maybe focus in to learn?
I mean, it depends on really, you know, what it means, like, you know, if you really, you know, there is a whole path to, okay, you really want to learn more about the models, how they work, you know, the research that goes into it.
I think there's a lot of actually also academic resources and courses that you can take that are similar to, you know, what you would learn in university if you started.
Like an ML course.
Yeah, like ML.
And also I think some universities have made some of their like beginner's courses public.
I think Stanford has.
Yeah, right.
I thought Stanford, I think there's someone else, but like there's definitely also a lot of stuff coming out.
So you can kind of, you know, go in that direction, really learn, okay, how, what goes into this?
What's the theory behind this?
And there are some people who really like that approach.
And then there's a whole more practical side.
Okay, I want to build an application that uses the technology.
And, you know, that solves the problem.
And often it helps to have like an idea of what you want to do.
Like if you don't want to develop AI for the sake of it, then it often helps.
Like, hey, you have, even if it's just your hobby, like you're into football and you come up with like some fun problem.
Like you want to analyze football news, for example, and analyze it for something you care about.
Like, I don't know, like often really helps to have this hobby angle or something you're interested in.
And then you can start looking at tools that go in that direction.
like start with some of these open source models, even, you know,
try out some of these generative models, see how you go.
Try out if you want to do information extraction,
try out maybe something like spaCy.
That's like really a lot there.
And it's definitely become a lot easier to get started and build something
these days. Yeah.
Yeah. Some more good questions out there.
I'm going to save those for the end. All right. So,
another thing you talked about was economies of scale and this one's really interesting so
basically we've got Gemini and OpenAI where they've just got so much traffic and yeah you
know kind of a little bit back to the question actually is if you want to do this kind of stuff
If you want to run your own service doing it, you know, even if you had the equivalent stuff, it's tricky because even just the way you batch compute, you maybe want to talk about that a bit?
Yeah.
So, but yeah, the idea of economies of scale is basically, well, as the, you know, as companies produce more output, the cost per unit decreases.
And yeah, there's like all kinds of, you know, basically it gets cheaper to do more stuff.
And there are a lot of more boring, businessy reasons why it's like that.
But I think for machine learning specifically, the fact that GPUs are so parallel really makes a difference here.
And because you get the user text in, you can't just arbitrarily chop up that text because the context matters.
You need to process that. So in order to make the most use of the compute, you basically need to batch it up.
either kind of need to wait until there's enough to batch up.
And that means that, yes, that favors a lot of those providers
that have a lot of traffic or you introduce latency.
So that's definitely something that at least looks like a problem
or something that can be discouraging because it feels like,
hey, if supposedly the only way you can kind of participate
is by running these models,
then either you have to run them yourself
or go via an API,
then you're kind of doomed.
And does that mean that, okay,
only some large companies can provide AI for us?
So that's kind of also the point
and the very legit worry that some people have,
Like, does that lead to like monopolizing AI, basically?
Yeah, it's a very valid concern.
Because even if you say, okay, look, here's the deal.
Open AI gets to run on Azure.
I can go get a machine with a GPU stuck to it and run that on Azure.
Well, guess what?
They get one of those huge ARM chips that's like the size of a plate.
They get the special machines and they also get either wholesale compute costs or they get just, we'll give you a bunch of compute for some ownership of your company, kind of like Microsoft and OpenAI.
Yeah.
How do you, you know, that's a very difficult thing to compete with on one hand, right?
Yeah, I mean, that is like, yes, if you want to, you know, run, you know, your own, like, you know, LLM or generative model API services, that's definitely, you know, a disadvantage you're going to have.
But on the other hand, I think one thing that leads to this perception that I think is not
necessarily true is the fact that if you want to do anything, you need basically larger and
larger models that if you want to do something specific, the only way to get there is to turn
that request into arbitrary language and then use the largest model that can handle arbitrary
language and then go from there.
I know this is something that maybe a lot of LLM companies want to tell you, but that's not necessarily true.
And for a lot of things you're doing, you don't even need to depend on a large model at runtime.
You can distill it and you can use it at development time and then build something that you can run in-house.
And these calculations also look very, very different if you're using something at development time versus in production at runtime.
And then it can actually be totally fine to just run something in-house.
And the other point here is actually if we're having a situation where, hey, you're paying a large company to provide some service for you,
provide a model for you by an API and there are lots of companies and kind of the main differentiator
is who can offer it for cheaper. That's sort of the opposite of a monopoly at least, right? That's
like competition. So this actually, I feel like economies of scale, this idea does not prove that,
hey, we're heading into, you know, we're heading into a monopoly. And it's also, you know, not true
because it's not, you know, if you realize that, hey, it's not, you know, you don't need the biggest,
most arbitrary models for everything you're doing, then the calculation looks very, very different.
Yeah, I agree. I think there's a couple of thoughts I also have here.
One, this LM studio I was talking about, I've been running the Llama 3 7 billion parameter
model locally instead of using chat these days. And it's been, I would say, just as good. And it's,
it runs about the same speed on my Mac mini as a typical request does over there. I mean,
I can't handle as many, but it's just me. It's my computer, right? I'm fine.
And then the other one is, if you specialize one of these models, right, you feed it a bunch of
your data sets from your companies, right?
It might not be able to write you something in the style of Shakespeare around, you know,
a legal contract or some weird thing like that.
But it can probably answer really good questions about, you know, what is our company policy
on this?
Or what is, you know, what do our engineering reports about this thing say?
Or, you know, stuff that you actually care about, right?
Yeah, no, exactly.
And also often, you know, that's kind of what you want.
And like you actually want to, if you're talking about, if you're going to like some of the risks or things people are worried about, like a lot of that is around what people refer to like, oh, the model going rogue or like the model doing stuff it's not supposed to do.
And, you know, if you're just sort of wrapping ChatGPT and you're not careful, then, and you're giving it access to stuff, there's a lot of unintended things that people could do with it if you're actually running this.
And once you expose it to users, there's like a lot of risks there.
And, you know, like, yeah, writing something in the style of Shakespeare is like probably the most harmless outcome that you can get.
But like that is kind of a risk.
And you basically, you know, you're also you're paying and you're putting all this work into hosting and providing and running this model that has all these capabilities that you don't need.
And a lot of them might actually be, you know, make it much, much harder to trust the system and also, you know, make it a lot less transparent.
Like that's another aspect.
Like just, you know, you want your software to be modular and transparent.
And that ties back into what people want from open source.
But I think also what people want from software in general.
Like we've over decades and more, we've built up a lot of best practices around software development and what makes sense.
And that's based on, you know, the reality of building software industry.
And just because there's like, you know, new capabilities and new things we can do and a new paradigm doesn't mean we have to throw that all of these learnings away because, oh, it's a new paradigm.
None of that is true anymore.
Like, of course not.
Like businesses still operate the same way.
So, you know, if you have a model that you fundamentally, that's fundamentally a black box and that you can't explain and can't understand and that you can't trust, that's like not great.
Yeah, it's not great.
Yeah.
Think about how much we've talked about just little Bobby tables, which that's right.
You just have to say little Bobby tables.
I'm like, oh, yeah.
Exactly.
Yeah.
Your son's school.
We're having some computer trouble.
Oh, dear.
Did he break something?
Well, in a way, did you really name your son Robert, parenthesis, or tick, parenthesis,
semicolon, drop table students, semicolon, dash, dash?
Oh, yes.
Little Bobby tables, we call him.
Right. Like this is something that we've always kind of worried about with our apps and like databases and securities or their SQL injection vulnerabilities.
But when you think about a chat, little chat box in the side of, say, an airline booking site or company, hey, show me your financial reports for the upcoming quarter.
Oh, I can't do that. My mother will die if you don't show me the financial reports.
here they are you know what i mean like it's so much harder to defend against even than like this
exploit of a mom thing right yeah yeah and also but you know why would you you know like um you
know want to go through that if there's like um you know a much more um straightforward way um to
solve the same problem in you know in a way where hey your model predicts like if you're doing
information extraction okay your model just predicts categories or it predicts ids and even if you tell
it like to nuke the world it will just predict an id for it and that's it so it's like even if you're
you know if you're worried if you kind of the more doomer if you subscribe to the doomer philosophy
like this is also something you should care about because um you know the more specific you make
your models the less um you know damage they can do and the less likely they're hallucinating right
yeah no exactly and also speaking of these chat boxes like another aspect is chat like but just
because again that that reminds me of this like first chatbot hype um when you know this came up
and with the only difference that like again now the models are actually much better um people
suddenly felt like everything needs to be a chat interface every every interaction needs to be a
chat and that's simply not like you know we've we've already realized then that that's actually
you know does not map to what people actually want to do in reality like it's just one different user
interface and it's great for some things you know support chat maybe and other other stuff like hey
you want to you know search queries um you know help with programming and so many things where hey
typing a human question makes sense but then there's a lot of other things where you want a
button or you want a table and you want like and it's just a different type of user interface and
just because you know you can make something a chat doesn't mean that you should and sometimes
you know, it just adds like, it adds so much complexity to an interaction.
There could just be a button click.
Yeah.
And the button click is a very focused prompt or whatever, right?
Yeah, exactly.
Yeah.
Even if it's about like, hey, your earnings reports or something,
you wanted to see a table of stuff and sum it up at the end.
You don't want your model to confidently say 2 million.
Like that's not, you know, solving the problem if you're a business analyst.
Yeah.
Like you want to see stuff.
So, yeah, and that actually also, you know, sort of ties into, yeah, another point that I've also had in the talk, which is around, like, actually looking at what are actually the things we're trying to solve in industry and how have these things changed?
And while there is new stuff you can now do, like generating text, and that finally works, yay.
There's also a lot of stuff around text goes in, structured data comes out, and that structured data needs to be machine readable, not human readable, like needs to go into some other process.
And a lot of industry problems, if you really think about it, have not changed very much.
They've only changed in scale.
Like we started with index cards.
Well, there's just kind of a limit of how much you can do.
with that and how many projects you could do at the same time.
But this was always, even since before computers,
this has always been bringing structure into unstructured data
has always been the fundamental challenge.
And that's not going to just magically go away
because we have new capacities and new things we can do.
Yeah, absolutely.
Hold on, I'm searching ahead a little bit.
All right.
So let's talk about some of the workflows here.
So you have an example where you take a large model
and do some prompting.
And this sort of iterative model-assisted data annotation,
like what's that look like?
Yeah, so as you said, you start out with this model,
maybe one of these models that you can run locally,
an API during development time,
and you prompt it to produce some structured output,
for example, or some answer.
We also have like, for example,
you can use something like spaCy LLM
that lets you plug in any model in the same way
you would otherwise train a model yourself.
And then you look at the results,
you can actually get a good feel
for how is your model even doing.
And you can also, before you really get into distilling a model, you can create some data to evaluate it.
Because I think that's something people are often forgetting because it's kind of not, it's maybe not the funnest part.
But it's really, you know, it's like writing tests.
It's like writing tests can be frustrating.
I remember when I kind of started out, like, tests are frustrating because they actually kind of turn up all of these edge cases and mistakes that you kind of want to forget about.
Oh, I forgot to test for this. Whoops.
Yeah, yeah. And then like, oh, if you start writing tests and you suddenly see all the stuff that goes wrong and then you have to fix it.
And it's like it's annoying. So you better just not have tests.
I can see that. But like evaluation is kind of like that.
And it ultimately a lot of these problems, you have to know what you want.
And here's the input. Here's the expected output.
You kind of have to have to define that.
And that's not something any AI can help you with because, you know, you are trying to teach the machine something.
You want to build something that does what you want.
So you kind of need examples where you know the answer.
And then you can also evaluate like, hey, how does this model do out of the box?
For like some easy tasks, like, hey, you might find something like GPT-4 can give you 75% accuracy out of the box without, you know, without any work.
So that's kind of good or even higher.
Sometimes it's like, you know, if it's a bit harder, you'll see, oh, okay, you went like 20% accuracy, which is kind of, you know, which is pretty bad.
And the bar is very low, but that's kind of the ballpark that you're also looking to beat.
And then you can look at examples that are predicted by the model.
All you have to do is look at them.
Yes, correct.
If not, you make a small correction and then you go through that and you basically do that until you've beat the baseline.
Yeah, it's kind of the transfer learning aspect, right?
Yeah, and then you use transfer learning in order to give the model the solid foundation of knowledge about the language and the world.
And you can end up with a model that's much smaller than what you started with.
And you have a model that really has a task network that's only trained to do one specific thing.
Which brings us from going from prototype to production, where you can sort of try some of these things out, but then maybe not run a giant model, but something smaller, right?
Yeah, yeah. You can take all these aspects, basically, that you're interested in in the larger model and train components that do exactly that. And I think another thing that's also good or helpful here is to have kind of a good path from prototype to production.
I think that's also where a lot of machine learning projects in general often fail because it's all, you know, you have this nice prototype and it all looks promising and you've hacked something together in your Jupyter notebook and that's all looking nice.
You maybe have like a nice streamlit demo and you can show that, but then you're like, okay, can we ship that?
And then if your workflow that leads to the prototype is completely different from the workflow that leads to production, you might find that out exactly at that phase.
And that's kind of where projects go to die.
And that's sad.
Yeah.
So that's actually something we've been thinking about a lot.
And also what we've kind of been trying to achieve with spaCy LLM, where you have this LLM component that you plug in and it does exactly the same as the components would do at runtime.
And it really just slots in and then might use GPT-4 behind the scenes to create the exact same structured object.
And then you can swap that out.
Or maybe, you know, there are a lot of things you might even want to swap out with rules or no AI at all.
Like, you know, like ChatGPT is good at recognizing U.S. addresses and it's great to build a prototype.
But instead of asking it to extract U.S. addresses, for example, you can ask it, give me spaCy rules, matcher rules for U.S. addresses.
And it can actually do that pretty well.
And then you can bootstrap from there.
So there is a lot of stuff like that that you can do.
And there might be cases where you find that, yeah, you can totally beat any model accuracy and have a much more deterministic approach if you just write a regex.
Like that's still true.
It's just something.
Yeah.
It's just something it's easy to forget because, you know, again,
if you look at research and literature,
nobody's talking about that because this is not an interesting research
question.
Like nobody cares.
You know, you can take any benchmark and say,
I can beat ChatGPT accuracy with two regular expressions.
And that's like, that's true.
Probably in some cases.
It's like, nobody cares.
Like that's not, that's not research.
yeah yeah for sure but you know what is nice to do is to go to chat gpt or lm studio or whatever
and say i need a python based regular expression to match this text and this text and i want to
capture group for that and i don't want to think about it it's really complicated here you go oh
perfect now explain explain what the sim yeah that's actually that's a good use case i've still
been sort of hacking around on like these you know interactive reg ex edits because i'm i'm not
particularly good at regular expressions um like on the scale like i can do it but like i know people
who really i think my co-founder matt he worked through it like he's more the type who really
approaches these things very methodically and he he was like now he he once read this one big book
on regular expressions and like he really did it like the hardcore way but like that's why he's
obviously much better at it than i am um i consider regular expressions kind of write only like you
can write them and make them do stuff but then reading them back is tricky at least oh yeah yeah
at least for me all right let's wrap this up so what are the things that uh you did here at at the
end of your presentation which I want to kind of touch on is you you brought back some of the same
ideas that we had for like what are the values of open source or why open source but back to
creating these smaller focused models yeah task specific components yeah I mean if you kind of
look at, hey, what are the advantages of that sort of approach that we talked about, of distilling
things down, of creating these smaller models. A lot of it comes down to it being like it's modular.
Again, you're not locked in to anything. You own the model. Nobody can take that away from you.
It's easier to write tests. You have the flexibility. You can extend it because it's
code. You can program with it because often, very rarely you do machine learning for the sake of
machine learning. It's always like, there is some other process. You populate a database,
you do some other stuff with your stack. And so you want to program with it. It needs to be
affordable. You want to understand it. You need to be able to say, why is it doing what it is?
What do I do to fix it? It again, runs in-house. It's entirely private. And then, yeah, when I
was thinking about this, I realized like, oh, actually, yeah, this really maps exactly
the reasons that we
talked about earlier, why people choose
open source or companies.
That's obviously not a coincidence.
It's because
ultimately these are principles that
we have come up with over a long period of
time of
that's good software
development. Ultimately, AI is
just another type of software
development. Of course,
it makes sense that the same principles
make sense and are beneficial
and that just having a workflow
where everything's a black box and third party,
this can work for prototyping,
but that kind of goes against a lot of the things
that we've identified as very useful in applied settings.
Yeah, absolutely.
All right, so we have to answer the question.
Will it be monopolized?
and your contention is no,
that open source wins even for LLMs, yeah?
Yeah, so open, I think, you know,
open source means there's no monopoly to be gained in AI.
And I think, you know,
I've kind of broken it down into some of these strategies,
which, you know, how do you get to a monopoly?
And these are like, you know,
this is not just some big stuff.
These are things like a lot of companies
are actively thinking about.
If you're in a business where, you know,
it's winner takes all,
Like you want to, you know, get rid of like all of that competition that companies hate, that investors hate.
And there are ways to do that. And companies really actively think about this.
Those pesky competitors. Let's get rid of them.
Yeah, let's get, yeah, yeah. And that's, you know, and so there are different ways to do that.
Like one is having this compounding advantage.
So that's stuff like network effects, like, you know, if your social network, of course, that makes a lot of sense.
Everyone's on it. If you could kind of have these network effects, that's good.
And economies of scale.
But as we've seen, economies of scale is a pretty lame mode in that respect.
That has a lot of limitations.
It's not even fully true.
It's kind of the opposite of a monopoly in some ways.
Yeah, especially in software.
Yeah, in software, exactly.
So it's like, I don't think that's not really the way to go.
yeah one example of that comes to mind at least for me maybe i'm seeing it wrong but amazon amazon.com
just you know how many companies can have massive warehouse with everything and buy every single
person's house yeah no exactly and and then it's also yeah you have the one yeah the one platform
that everyone goes on so even if you're a retailer you kind of yeah they've really amazon has kind of
forced everyone to either sell on amazon or go bust because exactly it's very sad that's the way
yeah yeah network effects i'm thinking you know people might say facebook or something which is
true but i would say like slack actually oh okay yeah or slack or discord or you know there's a
bunch of little chat apps and things but if you want to have one and you want to have a little
community you want people to be able to well i already have slack open it's just an icon next
to it versus install my own app make sure you run it be sure to check it like people are going to
forget to run it and you disappear off the off the space you know yeah no i think that that will
make sense and i do think you know a lot of these it's you know these things don't necessarily
happen accidentally like companies think about okay how do we you know amazon definitely thought
about this didn't just like happen to amazon yes they were lucky in a lot of ways but like
you know that's a strategy um exactly yeah and then the other thing that's not relevant here
is like you know another way is controlling a resource that's really more if you're like
you know if they are physical if this was like you know physical resources yeah i mean it's um
yeah or like in germany i think for a long time um the telecom they owned the wires in the building
right um and they still do i think so they used to have the monopoly now they don't but it they
kind of still to some extent they still do because they need to come if even no matter who you sign
up for internet,
Telecom needs to come and activate
it. So if you sign
up with Telecom, you usually
get service a lot faster.
It's a little better service, yeah.
Don't wait two weeks, use us.
Yeah, exactly. So that's kind of
how it still works. But we don't
really have that here.
And then the next point that's
very attractive, the final one
is regulation. So that's kind of like
you have to have a monopoly because the
government says so. And
That is, and I think that is one where we have to be careful
because if we're not, like, if in all of these discussions,
we're not making the distinction between the models
and the actual product that, you know, have, like, you know,
very different characteristics and, you know,
do very different things.
If that gets muddied, which, like, you know,
a lot of also companies quite actively do in that discourse,
then we might end up in a situation where we sort of accidentally
or gift a company or some companies a monopoly via the regulation.
Because if you let them write the regulation, for example,
and we're not just regulating products,
but lumping that in with technology itself.
Yeah, as a part of your talk,
I can't remember if it was the person hosting it or you who brought this up,
But an example of that might be all the third-party cookie banners rather than banning, just retargeting and tracking.
Like instead of banning through the GDPR, instead of banning the thing that is the problem, it's like let's ban the implementation of the problem.
Yeah. And I think that's a risk or that's like, you know, in hindsight, yes, I think in hindsight, we would all agree that like we should have just banned targeted advertising.
Instead, what we got is these cookie pop ups. That's like really annoying.
And that's actually what I feel like is one of the as much as I think that you know, I'm not an expert on like, you know, AI regulation or the EU AI Act.
But what I'm seeing is at least they did make a distinction between use cases.
And it's very much based on focus on here are the products and the things people are doing.
How high risk is that as opposed to how big is the model?
And, you know, what does that because that doesn't doesn't say anything.
But that would kind of be a very dangerous way to go about it.
But the risk is, of course, if we're rushing regulate, like if we're a rushing regulation, then, you know,
we might actually end up with something that's not quite fit for purpose.
Or if we let big tech companies write the regulation or lobby with like,
these are some ideas because, you know, if they're doing that, like, you know,
I think it's pretty obvious they're not just, you know,
worried about the safety of AI and are like appealing to like Congress or
whatever. Like, I think most people are aware of that, but like, yes,
I think the intentions are even less pure than that.
then I think that's a big risk.
Yeah, it really is.
Regulation is very tricky.
I'm pro-regulation.
I'm very pro-regulation in general.
But I also think you can,
if you fuck up regulation,
that can also be very damaging, obviously.
Absolutely, absolutely.
And it can be put in a way
so that it makes it hard for competitors
to get into the system.
Yeah.
Right, right.
There's so much paperwork and so much monitoring.
You need a team of 10 people just to operate.
Well, if you're a startup, well, you can't do that because, hey, Art, we got a thousand people and 10 of them work on this.
Yeah.
And I think it's also even beyond that, if you think back to all the stuff we talked about, this goes against a lot of the best practices of software.
This goes against a lot of what we've identified that actually makes good, secure, reliable, modular, whatever software, safe software internally.
And even doing a lot of the software development internally, like there are so many benefits of that.
And I think, you know, companies actually working on their own product is good.
And a lot of, you know, if we sudden, if it was suddenly true that like only certain companies could even provide AI models, I didn't even know what that would mean for open source or for academic research.
Like that would make absolutely no sense.
I also don't think that's like really enforceable, but it would mean that, you know, like this would limit like everyone in what they could be doing.
Like I think, and there's like, you know,
there's nothing to do with like, you know,
there's a lot of other things you can do if you, you know,
care about AI safety, but that's really not it.
And I also, you know, I just,
I just think being aware of that is good.
I don't like, yeah, I can, you know,
I cannot see an outcome where we really do that.
It would, it would really not make sense.
I could not see, yeah, the reality of this shaking out,
but I think it's still, it's still relevant.
Yeah, I think the open source stuff and some of the smaller models really does give us a lot of hope.
Yeah, I hope.
I felt, you know, I feel very positive about this.
I've also talked to a lot of developers at conferences who said, like, yeah, actually, you know, well, you know, thinking and talking about this gave them some hope, which obviously is nice because I definitely did that.
some of the vibe I got like it can be kind of easy to end up a bit disillusioned by like a lot of the
narratives people here and that you know also even if you're entering the field you're like wait a lot
of this doesn't really make sense like why is it like this um and it's like no it actually you
know your intuition is right like um you know a lot of software software engineering best practices
of course still matter.
And, you know, no, they are like, you know,
they are better ways.
So we're not, you know, we're not just going in that direction.
And I think I definitely believe in that.
A lot of the reasons why open source won in a whole bunch of areas.
Yeah.
Could be exactly why it wins at LLMs as well, right?
Yep.
And, you know, again, it's all based on open research.
A lot of stuff is already published.
and there is no secret source.
The software industry does not run on secrets.
All the differentiators are product stuff.
And yes, OpenAI might monopolize or dominate
AI-powered chat assistants, or maybe Google will do.
That's a whole race that if you're not in that business,
you don't have to be a part of.
But that does not mean that anyone's going to win
at or monopolize AI.
Those are very different things.
absolutely all right a good place to leave it as well thanks for being here um yeah thanks that was
fun yeah yeah people want to learn more about the stuff that you're doing maybe um check out the
video of your talks or whatever what do you recommend um yeah i think i definitely i'll
definitely give you some links for the show notes like this uh the slides are online so uh you can
have a look at that um there is at least one recording of the talk online now from um the
really cool Python, PyCon Lithuania. It was my first time in Lithuania this year. So definitely,
you know, if you have a chance to visit their conference, it was a lot of fun. I learned a lot
about Lithuania as well. Then we also on our website, Explosion AI, we publish kind of this
feed of like all kinds of stuff that's happening from, you know, maybe some talk or podcast interview
community stuff.
There's still like a lot of super interesting
plugins that are developed
by people in community papers that are published.
So we really try to give a nice overview
of everything that's happening in our ecosystem.
And then of course,
you could try out spaCy, spaCy LLM.
If you wanna try out
some of these generative models
and especially for prototyping
or production,
whatever you wanna do for structured data.
yeah that's awesome
and then yeah also if
you're at any of the
conferences like
check out the list of
events and stuff
I'm going to do a lot of travel this year
so I would love to catch up
with more developers in person
and
also learn more about all the places I'm
visiting so
I've seen the list it's very comprehensive
so
I've had a beneath week.
I like to, I also very much like to organize things in that way.
So, yeah.
So there might be something local for people listening that you're going to be doing.
All right.
Well, as always, thank you for being on the show.
It's great to chat with you.
Yeah.
Until next time.
Bye.
***